addition of contributor jpuple (#45)
osscameroon/osscameroon-blog: content/post/contributors/jpurple.md

---
title: "Jpurple"
date: 2021-12-13T18:10:23+01:00
images: []
categories: []
tags: []
authors: ["Jpurple"]
---

> Hi there, I'm Ngnepedoh Irving Craig( yh but call me purple/jpurple ), young aspiring developper. I am an IT enthusiast and am fascinated by Artificial Intelligence. I am familiar with Java, Python and C. Currently working as an android app developper. I look foward to working with you all and am excited about what I will learn here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hi there, I'm Ngnepedoh Irving Craig (yh but call me purple/jpurple), young aspiring developer. I am an IT enthusiast and am fascinated by Artificial Intelligence. I am familiar with Java, Python and C. Currently working as an android app developer. I look forward to working with you all and am excited about what I will learn here.
```
